Refactor glossary (#830)
avaframe/AvaFrame: docs/glossary.rst

        referred  to as beta angle. For major avalanche :term:`path` (s) that may produce
        avalanches of :term:`size` 4-5, the beta point is associated to the 10° Point
        (or beta_10), i.e. the point where the slope angle of the :term:`thalweg`
        decreases below 10°. For avalanche :term:`path` (s) with :term:`event` (s) of avalanche :term:`size`
        1-3 the beta point may accordingly be associated to larger :term:`thalweg`
        slope angles (i.e. up to 30°, see start of :term:`transition`).

    coordinate transformation and projection
        Coordinate transformations refer to the operation of changing
        coordinates, e.g. between a fixed, Eularian, global coordinate system
        with east and north orientation, to an avalanche :term:`path` dependent
        coordinate system along the :term:`thalweg`, or even a Langrangian coordinate
        system, moving along particle trajectories. The projection refers to
        the projection of coordinates within a coordinate system, I.e. the
        projection of the run out point (as furthest reach of the avalalanche)

>         to the :term:`thalweg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        to the :term:`thalweg`. Or projecting a 3D travel length (xyz) to a 2D travel length measured only along xy.
```

    event
    scenario
        One or multiple avalanche events or corresponding simulation scenarios
        are associated to a certain avalanche :term:`path` and have distinct criteria
        and characteristics such as avalanche :term:`size`, :term:`release area` (s),
        affected, impacted, :term:`runout` areas. These properties are
        morphologically connected to the different zones (:term:`origin`, :term:`transition`,
        :term:`deposition`) of an avalanche :term:`path` and allow to define and other
        associated properties, such as :term:`alpha` angles or :term:`runout` length that are
        defined in combination with the avalanche :term:`thalweg`. Besides observed and
        documented avalanche events, design events of particular :term:`return period` (s)
        are of particular interest for engineering applications.

    flow variables
        Flow variables include :term:`thickness`, :term:`velocity`, or :term:`density` and are
        determined by the form of movement. Flow models that are implemented
        usually calculate the spatio-temporal evolution of these variables and

>         where the maximum over the whole flow or computational duration, I.e.,
>         their peak values are the most used results. The flow variables
>         determine simulation results such as impact pressure or kinetic energy
>         of the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        where the maximum over the whole flow or computational duration, I.e.,
        their peak values are the most used results. The flow variables are used to derive other variables such as impact pressure or kinetic energy
        of the flow.
```

        some openings that may involve the :term:`deposition` zone of infrequent avalanche
        :term:`path` (s)), challenging (well defined avalanche :term:`path` (s), starting zones, or
        terrain traps), and complex (exposure to multiple overlapping avalanche
        :term:`path` (s), large expanses of steep, open terrain, multiple starting zones,
        and terrain traps below).

    thalweg
        The thalweg is defined by the main flow direction of an avalanche :term:`path`,
        i.e. not regarding a specific :term:`event` or :term:`scenario`. of one or multiple
        avalanche :term:`event` (s). Technically it is the two-dimensional terrain
        representation, displaying the terrain altitude elevation along the
        horizontally projected :term:`travel` length.

    thickness
        Release, :term:`entrainment`, flow, or deposition thickness refers to the
        extent (distance) of the avalanche measured perpendicular to the slope.

    travel
    travel angle
    travel length
        Travel lengths are measured as horizontally projected travel length
        (:math:`s_{XY}`) along the :term:`thalweg` and are associated with the

>         corresponding angle, measured between the line connecting the current

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        corresponding travel angle, measured between the line connecting the current
```

        Powder snow avalanches (PSA) refer to the :term:`form of movement` in the zone of
        :term:`transition`, referring to the dust or suspension cloud in avalanches.
        PSA are associated with cold, dry cohesionless snow. Mixed types of
        movement are often observed, combining different flow regimes and their
        transitions, e.g., ‘powder avalanche with flow component’.

    return period
        Return periods are related to return levels describing the :term:`size` or
        magnitude of design or recorded :term:`event` (s) on a respective avalanche :term:`path`.
        The return level is often determined by the run out length of
        historically documented avalanche :term:`event` (s) accompanied with return period
        estimates, which are associated to the occurrence probability.

    release area
        Potential release areas are located in the zone of :term:`origin`. Each documented
        :term:`event` or simulation :term:`scenario` is associated to one or more primary 
        and/or secondary release areas, that can further be described by the :term:`manner of starting`.

    runout
    runout area
    runout angle
    runout length

>         Runout lengths and angles are intricately linked to the :term:`alpha` point, itilizing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Runout lengths and angles are intricately linked to the :term:`alpha` point, utilizing the
```
